she says that a lot of marriages break
up in the bedroom if you have a bad sex
life you have a bad marriage and you
have to find ways to keep it exciting
and stimulating and to take your wife to
an adult toy store experiment by some
marital AIDS explore each other's bodies
it'll broaden your sex life yeah I saw a
vibrator that takes like 20 D cell
batteries I said you know exploring this
is like offshore drilling it's you know
I can't compete with something that can
jump-start a car right and it says in
the box just like the real thing
yeah you know maybe it's just me but my
dick doesn't go and and to think all
those years I thought my mom and dad are
making margaritas in the bedroom how do
women buy these things they always have
them in those boxes with a picture of
the girl on it holding it up against
their face and it says and it relieves
tension you know somehow I can't see my
dad coming home after a long day at work
on you know honey my next really killing
me where's that Robin Thicke you got can
I use them you know we know what these
things are for they try and make it look
like they're for medicinal purposes then
I use these in the emergency room doctor
is not stop staying clear
I hate going to the doctor I went for a
complete physical only I'm in there
undressed the doctor comes in he said
you left testicle feels funny shit then
leave it alone you only started feeling
funny when you started touching her I'm
not kidding I thought I was passing a
kidney stone I go with doctor he said
Bob don't worry with today's technology
we can go up there with a laser I said
we they love to go India I have to get a
thing called a sigmoidoscopy it takes
something like this long it looks like a
steam gun from a car wash and he says
I'm gonna stick this up your ass just to
look around I said for the parking space
I said look I get a better idea why
don't you tell me what you're looking
for and I'll tell you where it is and we
don't have to use that he said we're
looking for blood near stool disappear
if you use that I can make a prediction
right now the guy tells me to bend over
he starts feeding it in like the
roto-rooter guy you know to me no
flowers no wine no nothing you know
nobody was done he said well your
intestines are okay but one of you
fillings is cracked why are hemorrhoids
called hemorrhoids and asteroids called
asteroids wouldn't it make more sense
what was the other way around
but then if that was true you wouldn't
be a proctologist you'd be an astronaut
but what people say excuse me after de
Flore how about look out before you do
it alright such an embarrassing thing I
think oh the hospital I thought I was
having an appendicitis attack some in
the emergency room right and the doctor
comes in he said I'm gonna push on his
stomach you tell me when it hurts the
most and he pushed on this one spot this
gas came out and the pain went away and
it cost 75 bucks to form the emergency
room and the sick thing is you can put
it on your Visa card and make monthly
installments on it and then you go to
charge something at the store and they
go sorry that's been decline he's
thought 25 dollars on you for a neighbor
to zero how about when you want to let
it out real easy so nobody knows and
it's diarrhea and you're at work and you
have to throw your underwear out if
someone catches you the dumpster hey
what are you gonna look at nothing
nothing that shitty other way
yeah it's not mine are you carrying
somebody else's shit
you know I was thinking this sounds
really sick but you know how do blind
people know when they've done wiping
their ass
shit's not really that funny really you
know I took a shit once and it was black
and I you know I know and I know black
shit means something's wrong with you so
I start to panic and I don't want to
flush cuz in case something happens to
me and I collapse or something at least
maybe they'll find the shit in the
toilet you know and we'll be able to
rescue me and and I called my dad and I
said dad you're not gonna believe this
I just took his shit that's black and he
said Bob you're not gonna believe this
but I'm in a business meeting and you're
on the speakerphone
I didn't know what to do I put in the
baggie and took it to the emergency room
and I said is there something wrong with
this and they said carrying a shit in
the bag yes